#3 match documentation (#14)
abb-motors-and-generators/smart-sensor-api-client: use_case_5/README.md

# Use Case 5: Request Measurement Data of an Asset	

> With this use case, the measurement data can be fetched. You can get the latest measurement or also a series of measurement and plot them in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this use case, you can fetch measurement data from sensors. You can get the latest measurement or also a series of measurements and plot them in time.
```
